Added how to avoid rate limits docs (#1417)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/custom-integration/api/api.md

</Tabs>

<PortApiRegionTip/>

## Rate limits

> For more information about maintaining Port's rate limits, please check out the following [Page](/api-reference/rate-limits).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about Port's rate limits and how to avoid them, check out the [rate limits page](/api-reference/rate-limits).
```
